docs: show CLI cmd-specific opts before general opts (#13917)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/operator/raft.mdx

`Voter` is "true" or "false", indicating if the server has a vote in the Raft
configuration.

#### Command Options

> - `-stale` - Optional and defaults to "false" which means the leader provides
>   the result. If the cluster is in an outage state without a leader, you may need
>   to set this to "true" to get the configuration from a non-leader server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-stale` - Enables non-leader servers to provide cluster state information. We recommend using this option if the cluster is in an outage state without a leader. Default is `false`. 
```
